front
Tony Tony silence infernal third long
trapped air they've been climbing for
about a year first competition during
the first three competitions how big so
bugs a little cynical swinging around
where don't need to be I'm Abby from
near knock p.m. today hasn't gone as
well as expected but i'm going to try
with the rest of the events you see
Heidi and I'm taking all as a learning
experience and then next year I'm gyuki
gasps nice nice p bold
I'm there Greg and I man our wrists just
traveled out from Hartford share say
spend on ice climbing trees and trying
to earn a pretty penny early I'm Gavin
I'm from racks and North Wales I'm a
tree surgeon and compete in the tree
climbing competitions so it's great you
can you know you can practice your
sports while you're working so while
we're cutting all day with climbing
trees so then you can build up strength
or whatever and then come and do the
competitions it's good i'm really happy
about going to nashville to representing
UK and it's been waiting I've been
waiting a long time for this and means a
lot to me I mean the great park and
great venues therefore thats really good
trees it can really good fun taking part
and i can't wait to go